New Resource: `azurerm_mobile_network_slice`; New Data Source: `azurerm_mobile_network_slice` (#20336)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/mobile_network_slice.html.markdown

}

resource "azurerm_mobile_network_slice" "example" {
  name              = "example-mns"
  mobile_network_id = azurerm_mobile_network.test.id
  location          = azurerm_resource_group.example.location
  description       = ""

  single_network_slice_selection_assistance_information {
    slice_service_type = 1
  }

  tags = {
    key = "value"
  }

}
```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) Specifies the name which should be used for this Mobile Network Slice. Changing this forces a new Mobile Network Slice to be created.

* `mobile_network_id` - (Required) The ID of Mobile Network which the Mobile Network Slice belongs to. Changing this forces a new Mobile Network Slice to be created.

* `location` - (Required) Specifies the Azure Region where the Mobile Network Slice should exist. Changing this forces a new Mobile Network Slice to be created.

* `single_network_slice_selection_assistance_information` - (Required) A `single_network_slice_selection_assistance_information` block as defined below. Single-network slice selection assistance information (S-NSSAI). Unique at the scope of a mobile network.

> * `description` - (Optional) An optional description for this network slice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `description` - (Optional) A description for this Mobile Network Slice.
```
